README.md, before:

# sbc-pkgbuilds 
This repository contains Arch Linux ARM PKGBUILDs to build kernel packages for SBCs.
The PKGBUILDs define how to build the packages, including dependencies, build steps, and installation steps.

Please refer to the [BredOS images repository](https://github.com/BredOS/images) for image build instructions.

Currently, it's built on the arm platform(the team use rk3588 board), so building on x86 might not work.

## Usage
To build a package from this repository clone it and then run `makepkg -s` in the directory of the package you want to build.

## How to modify a kernel package
Lets take the `linux-rockchip-rkr3` kernel package as an example. To apply patches to it:
- Run `makepkg -sr` to pull the kernel source code from the [BredOS rockchip kernel fork](https://github.com/BredOS/linux-rockchip) (rk6.1-rkr3 branch), which is saved in the `linux-rockchip-rkr3/src/linux-rockchip` directory.
- Make the necessary changes in `linux-rockchip-rkr3/src/linux-rockchip`.
- After making the changes, run `makepkg -srf` to build and package the kernel.

Commit message:

Revise README with package examples and links
Updated repository description and added examples of packages. Enhanced documentation links for development.

README.md, after:

# sbc-pkgbuilds 
This repository contains Arch Linux PKGBUILDs to build packages(kernels, drivers, configs, etc) for SBCs. For example:
- linux-rockchip-rkr3: kernel for Rockchip RK3588 ARM64 devices
- linux-spacemit-k1: kernel for Spacemit K1 RISC-V devices
- fydetabduo-post-install: touchscreen drivers/firmware for FydeOS Tablet 

The PKGBUILDs define how to build the packages, including dependencies, build steps, and installation steps.

Please refer to the [BredOS images repository](https://github.com/BredOS/images) for image build instructions, and [development](https://wiki.bredos.org/en/development) for more development-related documentation.

Currently, it's built on the arm platform(the team use rk3588 board), so building on x86 might not work.

## Usage
To build a package from this repository clone it and then run `makepkg -s` in the directory of the package you want to build.

## How to modify a kernel package
Lets take the `linux-rockchip-rkr3` kernel package as an example. To apply patches to it:
- Run `makepkg -sr` to pull the kernel source code from the [BredOS rockchip kernel fork](https://github.com/BredOS/linux-rockchip) (rk6.1-rkr3 branch), which is saved in the `linux-rockchip-rkr3/src/linux-rockchip` directory.
- Make the necessary changes in `linux-rockchip-rkr3/src/linux-rockchip`.
- After making the changes, run `makepkg -srf` to build and package the kernel.
